Goutal (구딸)\n 브랜드 카테고리: 향수\n Scents Of Your Life (향기로 기억되는 삶의 순간)  프랑스 하이 퍼퓨머리 하우스 구딸(GOUTAL)의 이야기는 1981년 조향사 아닉 구딸(Annick Goutal)이 파리의 작은 골목에 그녀만의 아뜰리에를 오픈하며 시작됩니다. 우아한 프렌치 라이프 스타일을 담은 구딸의 향들은 특유의 서정성과 독창적인 조향으로 곧바로 파리 지성인과 아티스트들에게 영감이 되었으며, 지난 40여 년간 전 세계 향수 애호가와 전문가들의 사랑을 받아왔습니다. 삶에 대한 영감과 도전, 기억 속의 소중한 순간들은 각각의 향수가 담고 있는 시적인 이야기들, 그리고 고귀한 원료들과 함께 섬세한 향기로 완성됩니다. 아름다운 삶을 향기로 기록하는 구딸의 향기를 만나보세요.  OUR HISTORY OUR ORIGIN STORY, AN EXCEPTIONAL WOMAN A musician, a model, an antique dealer and finally a perfumer... Annick Goutal left a legacy that is more than anything a state of mind, a vision. A woman of desire, with a determined and free-spirit character, with an artistic soul, who has lived several lives. She was an inspired and inspiring woman, driven by love. She was a woman who completely reinvented Haute Parfumerie and who knew, year after year, how to transform emotions into exceptional fragrances. She was a pioneer woman, she shaped a Parisian Maison to her own image, an independent perfumery driven by love. She was one of the first woman perfumers in a man's world. She was a visionary woman, who never hesitated to do things differently, creating a vetiver with marine notes when no one else had thought of it, or fresh and delicate perfumes when the trend was for heady, overpowering fragrances… Her creations appeal to lovers of beautiful fragrances.  FROM ONE SKIN TO ANOTHER, a story through the art of sharing Composed of the rarest and most noble essences, a Goutal fragrance, once worn on the skin, tells an infinitely personal story. A trail that leaves an impression on the heart rather than deliver an overpowering sensation. Each perfume awakens the imagination, invoking an emotion, a childhood or holiday memory, the poetry of a journey. Each Goutal composition is an act of sharing. Signature scents that travel through time and generations. More than fragrances, emotions, unique experiences, initiatory journeys  The know-how of emotion For forty years, we have developed an exceptional savoir-faire, the art of creating fragrances of emotions. Shaped by the values of its creator, our Maison has always been able to affirm its identity and remain faithful to what it has always been: Generous, in the choice of exceptional raw materials and attentive details for our customers. Sincere, in our creative intentions, our relationship with others and our very personal way of expressing ourself. Undenianly free, in our choices, what we do, we do by choice and not to follow a trend. Intimate , through each fragrance, tell your stories  A LOVE LET TER THAT EXTENDS TO EACH BOTTLE At Goutal, we care about both substance and form. Something which speaks volumes about the character,and generosity, of the Maison. We favor local craftsmanship and know-how. All our bottles are entirely manufactured in France,and - just as it was on the first day - all of our labels are delicately applied,one by one, by hand, in French workshops. Finally, commitments to the environment are of course essential today, but they have always been of foremost importance at Goutal: another reason which puts up in the avant-garde  THE HOUSE’S COMMITMENT THE 3 PILLARS AT THE HEART OF OUR DNA  PILLARS 1. OUR LOVE OF NATURE As a Maison based in Paris, we need nature to create new stories.  PILLAR 2. OUR CAREFULLY CHOSEN INGREDIENTS Goutal does not follow trends and has always maintained a vision for Haute Parfumerie that is based on creative freedom and natural elements.  PILLAR 3. OUR FRENCH SAVOIR-FAIRE AND SUSTAINABLE PRACTICES Goutal is passionate about perpetuating the legacy of outstanding skill and craftsmanship that epitomises French Haute-Parfumerie. To this day, the Maison still composes and produces all its fragrances and candles in France, using French noses and experts.